{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\deff0\deflang1033\deflangfe1033{\fonttbl{\f0\fswiss\fprq2\fcharset0 Arial;}{\f1\froman\fprq2\fcharset0 Times New Roman;}{\f2\fmodern\fprq1\fcharset0 Courier New;}{\f3\froman\fprq2\fcharset2 Symbol;}{\f4\fswiss\fprq2\fcharset0 Arial Black;}{\f5\fnil\fcharset2 Symbol;}}
{\colortbl ;\red0\green0\blue0;}
{\*\generator Msftedit 5.41.15.1507;}\viewkind4\uc1\pard\nowidctlpar\sb100\sa100\cf1\b\f0\fs24 Welcome to DB Converter!\par
This tool will allow easy conversion from MS Access Databases to MySQL or Oracle Databases. We've always found it a pain having to write the SQL to create one of these databases when you already have another database we want to model it after.\par
Now you don't have to write the SQL! DB Converter will do it all for you. It dramatically saves time allowing you to finish projects faster!\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\cf0\b0\f1\fs20\par
\ul\b\f0\fs40 Contents\ulnone\fs36\par
\par
\pard{\pntext\f0 1\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlbody\pnf0\pnindent0\pnstart1\pndec }
\nowidctlpar\fi-720\li720 Version History\par
{\pntext\f0 2\tab}Known Issues\par
{\pntext\f0 3\tab}Contact\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\sb100\sa100\cf1\ul\fs28\par
\fs40 1) Version History\par
\pard\sb100\sa100\cf0\fs24 1.5.2\par
\pard{\pntext\f5\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf5\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\fi-360\li840\tx840\lang4105\ulnone\b0\f2\fs20 Added "DECIMAL" keyword to list of special words to escape\par
\pard\fi-360\li840\tx840\f3\'b7\tab\f2 Modified PHP Output\par
\pard\fi-360\li1530\tx840 o\tab Support for default values\par
o\tab Correctly handle NULL values\par
o\tab Prints MySQL errors, if received\par
o\tab Other updates MySQL conversion received, but PHP missed.\par
\pard{\pntext\f5\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf5\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\fi-360\li840\tx840 Updated version checking system.\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\sb100\sa100\lang1033\ul\b\f0\fs24\par
1.5.1\par
\pard{\pntext\f5\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf5\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\fi-360\li840\tx840\lang4105\ulnone\b0\f2\fs20 Modified error logging to give a note on known issues\par
\pard\fi-360\li840\tx840\f3\'b7\tab\f2 Added index checking for foreign keys (not foolproof)\par
\pard{\pntext\f5\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf5\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\fi-360\li840\tx840 Parse field names for foreign keys (whoops, forgot that one)\par
{\pntext\f5\'B7\tab}Added more illegal characters to parsing list\par
{\pntext\f5\'B7\tab}Changed sql keywords (in parsing list) to be allowed, but quoted\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\sb100\sa100\cf1\lang1033\ul\b\f0\fs40\par
\cf0\fs24 1.5.0\par
\par
\pard\fi-360\li840\tx840\lang4105\ulnone\b0\f3\fs20\'b7\tab\f2 MyVBQL Engine replaced with VbMySqlDirect\par
\pard\fi-360\li1560\tx1560 o\tab Modified error rising so they can be caught in DB Converter.\par
\pard\fi-360\li840\tx840\f3\'b7\tab\f2 Error logging when connecting to MySQL DB. \par
\pard\fi-360\li1560\tx1560 o\tab If errors are generated you are encouraged to email them to me.\par
\pard\fi-360\li840\tx840\f3\'b7\tab\f2 Closing download page now cancels downloading\par
\pard\fi-360\li1560\tx1560 o\tab Used to continue downloading\par
\pard\fi-360\li840\tx840\f3\'b7\tab\f2 Upgrade checks now work again\par
\pard\fi-360\li1560\tx1560 o\tab PHP page now instead of direct connection\par
\pard\fi-360\li840\tx840\f3\'b7\tab\f2 Program does not freeze while calculating # of SQL Statements on MySQL Connection \par
\pard\fi-360\li1560\tx1560 o\tab Still is slow while it loads big files into memory\par
\pard\fi-360\li1560 o\tab Should be swapped to stream\par
\pard\fi-360\li840\tx840\f3\'b7\tab\f2 Fixed crash if default browse folder does not exist.\par
\pard\fi-360\li840\f3\'b7\tab\f2 Fixed error if output folder did not exist\par
\f3\'b7\tab\f2 Parsed many more characters out of field and table names\par
\pard\fi-360\li1560\tx1560 o\tab Disallow \ldblquote SELECT\rdblquote , \ldblquote INSERT\rdblquote , and other SQL keywords as table/field names\par
\pard\fi-360\li1560 o\tab Removed: Too many to list. Mostly punctuation and mathematical operators (+,-,/,*,etc)\par
\pard\par
\par
\par
\b Code from Marco (Thanks for contributing!):\par
\b0\par
\pard\fi-360\li840\tx840\f3\'b7\tab\f2 INNODB Support\par
\pard\fi-360\li1560\tx1560 o\tab Option added to main options form - MC.\par
\pard\fi-360\li840\tx840\f3\'b7\tab\f2 Foreign Keys for INNODB Added\par
\pard\fi-360\li840\f3\'b7\tab\f2 Default value support for fields\par
\pard\fi-360\li1560\tx1560 o\tab Bug fix: Marco forgot to parse index names \endash  MC\par
\pard\fi-360\li1560 o\tab Bug fix: Removed DEFAULT for AUTO_INCREMENT fields - MC\par
\pard\fi-360\li840\tx840\f3\'b7\tab\f2 Non-Primary Indexes Added\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\par
\lang1033\ul\b\f0\fs24 1.4.2\par
\pard{\pntext\f5\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf5\pnindent360{\pntxtb\'B7}}\nowidctlpar\li360\tx720\ulnone\b0\fs20 Some parsing changes.\ul\b\par
\ulnone\b0{\pntext\f5\'B7\tab}Possibly some other stuff that has been long forgotten.\ul\b\par
\pard{\pntext\f5\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlcont\pnf5\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\nowidctlpar\cf1\ulnone\fs28\par
\cf0\ul\fs24{\pntext\f5\'B7\tab}1.4.2\par
\pard{\pntext\f5\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf5\pnindent360{\pntxtb\'B7}}\nowidctlpar\li360\tx720\ulnone\b0\fs20 Some parsing changes.\ul\b\par
\ulnone\b0{\pntext\f5\'B7\tab}Possibly some other stuff that has been long forgotten.\ul\b\par
\pard{\pntext\f5\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlcont\pnf5\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\nowidctlpar\li360\par
\pard{\pntext\f5\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlcont\pnf5\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\nowidctlpar\fs24 1.4.0\par
\pard{\pntext\f5\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf5\pnindent360{\pntxtb\'B7}}\nowidctlpar\li360\tx720\ulnone\b0\fs20 No big changes. Incorporated GNU public license.\ul\b\par
\ulnone\b0{\pntext\f5\'B7\tab}Removed mandatory donation (aka Free for Non-Commercial Use)\ul\b\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\li360\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\fs24 1.3.6\par
\pard{\pntext\f5\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf5\pnindent360{\pntxtb\'B7}}\nowidctlpar\fi-360\li720\tx720\ulnone\b0\fs20 Found some debug code that was missed during cleanup last version. Has been removed and should make a small performance difference.\ul\b\par
\ulnone\b0{\pntext\f5\'B7\tab}Replaced many control.Refresh instances with DoEvents. In large conversions this helps avoid screen flickering that was happening before.\ul\b\par
\ulnone\b0{\pntext\f5\'B7\tab}Added a simple survey system for suggestions on features to add/remove. (Hard coded at the moment, but it may get expanded to be dynamic if there is a big enough response)\ul\b\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\li360\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\fs24 1.3.5\par
\pard{\pntext\f5\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf5\pnindent360{\pntxtb\'B7}}\nowidctlpar\fi-720\li1080\tx720\ulnone\b0\fs20 Added option to convert only tables you specify\par
\pard{\pntext\f5\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf5\pnindent360{\pntxtb\'B7}}\nowidctlpar\fi-720\li1440\tx1080 Required major rewrite of conversion code\'85 but it works great!\par
\pard{\pntext\f5\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf5\pnindent360{\pntxtb\'B7}}\nowidctlpar\fi-720\li1080\tx720 Fixed many more typos (praise my dexterous fingers)\par
\pard{\pntext\f5\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlcont\pnf5\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\nowidctlpar\ul\b\fs24\par
{\pntext\f5\'B7\tab}1.3.0\par
\pard{\pntext\f5\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf5\pnindent360{\pntxtb\'B7}}\nowidctlpar\fi-720\li1080\tx720\ulnone\b0\fs20 Removed the shell for \ldblquote Convert with DB Converter\rdblquote\par
\pard{\pntext\f5\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf5\pnindent360{\pntxtb\'B7}}\nowidctlpar\fi-720\li1440\tx1080 Many complaints about double clicking an access database wouldn\rquote t open access\par
\pard{\pntext\f5\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf5\pnindent360{\pntxtb\'B7}}\nowidctlpar\fi-720\li1080\tx720 Changed many options to use bitvectors for faster access\par
{\pntext\f5\'B7\tab}Added auto-update support\par
\pard{\pntext\f5\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlcont\pnf5\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\nowidctlpar\ul\b\fs24\par
{\pntext\f5\'B7\tab}1.2.6\par
\pard{\pntext\f5\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf5\pnindent360{\pntxtb\'B7}}\nowidctlpar\fi-720\li1080\tx720\ulnone\b0\fs20 Added donation support through Paypal\par
{\pntext\f5\'B7\tab}Made the \ldblquote /uninstall\rdblquote  command line option work again\par
\pard{\pntext\f5\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf5\pnindent360{\pntxtb\'B7}}\nowidctlpar\fi-720\li1440\tx1080 Uninstall from the start menu should work again\par
\pard{\pntext\f5\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlcont\pnf5\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\nowidctlpar\par
\ul\b\fs24{\pntext\f5\'B7\tab}1.2.5\par
\pard{\pntext\f5\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf5\pnindent360{\pntxtb\'B7}}\nowidctlpar\fi-720\li1080\tx720\ulnone\b0\fs20 Fixed various data conversion bugs\par
\pard{\pntext\f5\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf5\pnindent360{\pntxtb\'B7}}\nowidctlpar\fi-720\li1440\tx1080 Error if there were spaces in table names (now replaced with underscore)\par
{\pntext\f5\'B7\tab}Error converting dates (datetime not supported yet)\par
\pard{\pntext\f5\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf5\pnindent360{\pntxtb\'B7}}\nowidctlpar\fi-720\li1080\tx720 Added option to not yell at you when converting linked tables\par
{\pntext\f5\'B7\tab}Changed text types to convert to their field length rather than 250\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\li360\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\ul\b\fs24 1.2.3\par
\pard{\pntext\f5\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf5\pnindent360{\pntxtb\'B7}}\nowidctlpar\fi-720\li1080\tx720\ulnone\b0\fs20 Fixed a bug if the first character in your data was a \ldblquote  (quotation)\par
{\pntext\f5\'B7\tab}Added checking for linked tables\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\ul\b\fs24 1.2.0\ulnone\b0\f1\par
\pard{\pntext\f1 1\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlbody\pnf1\pnindent360\pnstart1\pndec }
\nowidctlpar\fi-360\li720\f0\fs20 Totally rewrote MySQL and FTP functions to be more efficient\f1\fs24  \par
\f0\fs20{\pntext\f1 2\tab}Fixed bug if databases are read only/locked (caught it trying to read from a CD)\f1\fs24  \par
\f0\fs20{\pntext\f1 3\tab}Fixed parsing bug in MySQL when data was converted \fs24\par
\pard{\pntext\f0 4\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlbody\pnf0\pnindent360\pnstart1\pndec }
\nowidctlpar\fi-360\li1080\fs20 Error if there was a double quote (") or semicolon (;)\f1\fs24  \f0\par
\pard{\pntext\f0 5\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlbody\pnf0\pnindent360\pnstart1\pndec }
\nowidctlpar\fi-360\li720\fs20 Added progress indicators on conversion (sexy) \fs24\par
\fs20{\pntext\f0 6\tab}Added password encryption (finally) \fs24\par
\fs20{\pntext\f0 7\tab}Added tutorial and version history to help files \fs24\par
\pard{\*\pn\pnlvlcont\pnf0\pnindent0\pnstart1\pndec }
\nowidctlpar\li360\par
\pard{\*\pn\pnlvlcont\pnf1\pnindent0\pnstart1\pndec }
\nowidctlpar\ul\b 1.1.5\ulnone\b0\f1\par
\pard{\pntext\f1 8\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlbody\pnf1\pnindent360\pnstart1\pndec }
\nowidctlpar\fi-360\li720\f0\fs20 Added MySQL connection functionality\f1\fs24  \par
\pard{\*\pn\pnlvlcont\pnf1\pnindent0\pnstart1\pndec }
\nowidctlpar\li360\par
\pard{\*\pn\pnlvlcont\pnf1\pnindent0\pnstart1\pndec }
\nowidctlpar\ul\b\f0 1.1.0\ulnone\b0\f1\par
\pard{\pntext\f1 9\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlbody\pnf1\pnindent360\pnstart1\pndec }
\nowidctlpar\fi-360\li720\f0\fs20 Added FTP functionality\f1\fs24  \par
\pard{\*\pn\pnlvlcont\pnf1\pnindent0\pnstart1\pndec }
\nowidctlpar\li360\par
\pard{\*\pn\pnlvlcont\pnf1\pnindent0\pnstart1\pndec }
\nowidctlpar\ul\b\f0 1.0.9\ulnone\b0\f1\par
\pard{\pntext\f1 10\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlbody\pnf1\pnindent360\pnstart1\pndec }
\nowidctlpar\fi-360\li720\f0\fs20 Added help files\f1\fs24  \par
\f0\fs20{\pntext\f1 11\tab}Added data conversion option\f1\fs24  \par
\pard{\*\pn\pnlvlcont\pnf1\pnindent0\pnstart1\pndec }
\nowidctlpar\li360\par
\pard{\*\pn\pnlvlcont\pnf1\pnindent0\pnstart1\pndec }
\nowidctlpar\cf1\ul\b\f0 1.0.0\cf0\ulnone\b0\f1\par
\pard{\pntext\f1 12\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlbody\pnf1\pnindent360\pnstart1\pndec }
\nowidctlpar\fi-360\li720\f0\fs20 Original Release\f1\fs24  \par
\pard\nowidctlpar\fs20\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\sb100\sa100\cf1\ul\b\f0\fs40 2) Known Issues\cf0\ulnone\b0\f1\fs24\par
\pard{\pntext\f5\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf5\pnindent360{\pntxtb\'B7}}\nowidctlpar\fi-360\li360\sb100\sa100\tx360\cf1\f0 Dates with times attached will be converted to the DATE type when converting to MySQL. If you would like DATE to be DATETIME, this can be replaced in the generated SQL. All times will be truncated if you are trying to include data.\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\sb100\sa100 If you discover any other strange behavior, please contact us with the exact steps you took (and if it's ok, the database you were using) so we can attempt to recreate the problem and fix it.\cf0\f1\par
\ul\b\f4\fs40\par
3) Contact\par
\ulnone\b0\fs24\par
\b Email:\b0  dbconverter@zenwerx.com\par
Web  : http://www.zenwerx.com\par
Mail : Attn: DB Converter Questions\par
\tab  Zenwerx Custom Programming\par
\tab  10 Madison Ave\par
\tab  Brantford, Ontario, Canada\par
\tab  N3T 5X3\f1\fs20\par
}
 